Irrelevant people
Aren’t allowed to freely enter the corporation
Blind fool
Open your damn eyes
And see who I am
Eldest Miss
The young master said
Company matters are his responsibility
Please leave
Who the hell are you
To dare stop me?
I’m the heir to the corporation
Appointed by my own parents
Trying to seize Qín Shì
Won’t be that easy
That’s not for you to decide
You
Escort the miss out politely
Please
This girl
Are you okay?
I’m the
True heir of Qín Shì
That bastard Qín Fēng
Dared to strip me of my position
On the board
While I was studying abroad
Qín Fēng relies on
Qín Shì’s influence in Dōng Hǎi
Acting like he owns the place
The major families in Dōng Hǎi
Have long been fed up with him